
## ANALYSIS ## 

#### Meeting with the client: ####

    * Q1 - To allow editing a job opening, we are assuming that it is permitted to change: Number of vacancies; Address; Contract Type; Mode; Description; Function. Are we on the right track, or is it necessary to modify the list to include additional information or remove something from this list?
    * A1 - From my point of view, it should be possible to change "everything" except the job reference itself. The maintenance of the system's consistency state should be taken into account.
    
    * Q2 - When the Customer Manager wants to edit a Job Opening, is he supposed to choose which Job Opening to edit based on a search by reference?
    * A2 - The question refers somewhat to UI/UX best practices. The context indicated in the question refers to a situation where the user needs to identify the entity/object they wish to edit. It can be assumed that the user knows this identifier. However, in terms of UX/UI, it should be possible to obtain this identifier through other means (especially since it is an identifier generated by the system). I believe that, for this particular case, there is already a User Story that allows this.

    * Q3 - Each time an edit is made to any information on a Job Opening, is it necessary to record the date and time of the edit?
    * A3 - I don't recall saying to record the date and time when registering a job opening.

    * Q4 - In which of the recruitment phases of a Job Opening can information be edited?
    * A5 - Changes must be compatible with the "moment" in which we are in that job opening. For example, it doesn't make sense to change the contract type if we are already receiving applications. Those applications have been made according to a job description and it doesn't make sense to change it after people have applied. But, for example, it should be possible to change the job requirements specification (it refers to another US) while people are applying, because it's a technical aspect, which is not public knowledge. So they should take these kinds of concerns into account.

---
#### Business rules: ####

    *   Editable info: Description, Title, Address, Number of Vacancies, Contract Type, Mode, Job Requirement, Interview Model, Recruitment process phase dates;
    *   Get the job opening to edit from a list of job openings;   
    *   Get the job opening to edit by job refrence;
    *   Guarantee that a job opening isn´t in any recruitment process phase if editing JobTitle, ContractType, WorkingMode, Address, NumberVacancies and Description;
    *   If a job Opening is in recruitment process phase Screening, can't edit requirements;
    *   If a job Opening has and is in recruitment process phase Interview, can't edit interview model, or anything else;
    *   If a job opening is in any phase past interview, can´t edit anything.

---
#### Unit Tests: ####
get jobOpeningDTO that does not have a recruitment process phase set;
edit jobOpeningDTO, all attributes, except Interview model and requirements;

get jobOpeningDTO that's in process phase application;
edit jobOpeningDTO, requirements;
edit jobOpeningDTO, interview model(if Interview phase exists);

get jobOpeningDTO that's in process phase Interview(if exists);
can't edit jobOpeningDTO;