# UC 1000 - As Administrator, I want to be able to register, disable/enable, and list users of the backoffice


## 1. Analysis


### 1.1. Use Case Description

>* As Administrator, I want to be able to register, disable/enable, and list users of the backoffice

### 1.2. Customer Specifications and Clarifications


**From the specifications document:**

>* The system administrator (Admin) is responsible for managing customer entities as well
   as the company’s employees who are customer managers (Customer Manager). This responsibility
   involves registering entities as well as assigning different roles to system users (i.e.,
   customer manager, operator). It also includes the customer’s registration as a user of the system.


**From the Product Owner clarifications:**

>* User status is status, by default
>* User password shall be automatically generated by the system


### 1.3 Input and Output Data


**Input Data:**

>* Typed data:
>    * a name,
>    * an e-mail address

>* Selected data:
>    * Employee Role category


**Output Data:**

>* Password automatically generated 
>* (In)Success of the operation

## 2. Business Rules

>* A user is created in an status state.
>* A user can be deactivated.
>* A username (e-mail) shall be unique.
>* A user shall have one role (Customer Manager, Operator).
>* The user password must have at least 8 characters, uppercase and lowercase letters, digits and at least one non-alphanumeric character.

## 3. Unit Tests


>* testUsernameMustBeUnique
>* testCreateUserSuccess
>* testNameMustNotBeNull
>* testRoleMustNotBeNull
>* testUserPasswordCriteria
>* EnsureNewlyCreatedUserIsActive
>* testDeactivateUser



